Simple expressions:
A simple declaration will associate a name to a value or an expression
	name = value
Declarations are not evaluated in the order they are entered. The evaluation order depends on the values that are needed. In other words 'lazy evaluation'.
It is possible to use forward referencing in declarations to access expressions not yet described. Any expression using a forward reference is flagged during compilation or interpretation to highlight that the value is not yet defined. This does not constitute an error.
	name1 = name2    # will give a warning that name2 is not declared yet
	name2 = value

To evaluate the expression or receive the value of an expression just entering the name is enough
	name

Comments:
Anything that follows a # on a line is seen as a comment
	name = value   # this is a comment

Objects:
Several declarations can be bundled together in an object. The different declarations are sid to be attributes of the object. Defining an object is similar to a normal declaration, with a name and a value. The difference is that the value is now a list of declarations:
Simple object declaration:
	object = {
			attribute1 = value1
			attribute2 = value2
			}

Accessing attributes in objects:
To get the value of an attribute the name of the attribute follows the object
Accessing an attribute:
	object attribute1   # returns value1 given the declaration above









Objects:

Objects consists of a series of declarations.
Declarations have no individual order
Declarations all have an identity.
An identity can only be used once in each object - redefinitions are not allowed
There can be one declaration without identity in an object
The value is returned when an identifier is used
An identifier can be a name or a pattern of names and arguments
The value of the unidentified declaration is returned if no other pattern is provided
Objects are based on other objects, using them as prototypes
Values and metods of the prototype can be replaced
attributes can be hidden or exposed


method vs function application?